Update dotnet-test docs (#45357)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-test.md

With Microsoft Testing Platform, `dotnet test` operates faster than with VSTest. The test-related arguments are no longer fixed, as they are tied to the registered extensions in the test project(s). Moreover, MTP supports a globbing filter when running tests. For more information, see [Microsoft.Testing.Platform](../testing/microsoft-testing-platform-intro.md).

> [!WARNING]

> > When opting-in Microsoft.Testing.Platform via `dotnet.config`,  `dotnet test` expects all test projects to use Microsoft.Testing.Platform. It is an error if any of the test project uses VSTest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When Microsoft.Testing.Platform is opted in via `dotnet.config`, `dotnet test` expects all test projects to use Microsoft.Testing.Platform. It is an error if any of the test projects use VSTest.
```

#### Implicit restore

[!INCLUDE[dotnet restore note](~/includes/dotnet-restore-note.md)]

#### Options

> [!NOTE]
> You can use only one of the following options at a time: `--project`, `--solution`, `--directory`, or `--test-modules`. These options can't be combined.

> > In addition, when using `--test-modules`, you cannot specify `--arch`, `--configuration`, `--framework`, `--os`, or `--runtime`. These options are not relevant for an already-built module.

Author: This is WIP in https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/pull/47616. @rainersigwald @baronfel I need a bit of confirmation on the behavior before merging this docs PR please.

> > In addition, when using `--test-modules`, you cannot specify `--arch`, `--configuration`, `--framework`, `--os`, or `--runtime`. These options are not relevant for an already-built module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In addition, when using `--test-modules`, you can't specify `--arch`, `--configuration`, `--framework`, `--os`, or `--runtime`. These options are not relevant for an already-built module.
```

- **`args`**

  Specifies extra arguments to pass to the test application(s). Use a space to separate multiple arguments. For more information and examples on what to pass, see [Microsoft.Testing.Platform overview](../../../docs/core/testing/microsoft-testing-platform-intro.md) and [Microsoft.Testing.Platform extensions](../../../docs/core/testing/microsoft-testing-platform-extensions.md).

  > [!TIP]

>   > To specify extra arguments for specific project(s), use `TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments` MSBuild property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > To specify extra arguments for specific projects, use the `TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments` MSBuild property.
```
